so we have 2 elements as input. one is input source and other is input target. what we want to do is to map expressions of face of input source to input target.
we track the attributes of this person face frame by frame as you know vedio have property of some frames per second.
each frame is analysed in every vedio and what we extracted is the face expression of the person like
the movement of eyebros, chin and lips. not only the visual effects voice is also copied.
similar processing will be done to the input target and at final what we do is expression transfer of input source to input target.

according to the very first researcher of standford university this slide explain the expression of reenactment.
Reenactment -  use of the   to achieve something.
here the source sequence is obama with face expression like this and target source is like this.
so after tracking expressions of obama and this person and processing deepfake would result like this.

programs like fake app, the most popular one for making deepfakes, it takes of human assistants to change frame in here like this.
what we have realized till now is deepfake is a realistic looking vedios to gain popularity.
despite being banned on the major websites thre is a rich domain where we can find deep learning which makes them possible.
the more the insource data the better the effect, software tries to recognize patterns in speech and , 
introduce new elements like someone elses speech and face and deepfake is born.

deepfake too also have positive potentials like making a vedio of a actor who have lost his life and create digital voices of a people who lost their voices and also there are many uses.

there are many many deepfake exists as many as you want to see.

positive implications:
	deepfake technologies have uses in many industries. such as in production, education and criminal forensics
various buissiness field like  ecommerce.
film industry has many uses like to create classic scenes in movies, creating new movies with deepfakes of long-dead actors.
this technology allows for automatic and realistic dubbing in any language. example 
in 2019 global malaria awareness campaign featuring by david beckom brokedown language barriers through a education 
that translates if page and xchanges facial and mock moments and everyone appeared to be speaking the same language.

many businesses uses this technology for advertising in various ways.
example- fashion industries show fashion outfits on variety of models with different skin tones and different heights and
weights.

cultural and entertainment businesses can use deepfakes for artistic purposes 
ex: samsungs ai in moscow brought monalisa to life by using deepfake technology.

this tech helps us reconstruct...


possible threats -
 
deepfake can be ...

ex; as soon the fake vedio go viral people believe intially and share it to their friends and 
so the target person become embarresed after watching such unusual vedios .
it is highly probable that journalism industry is going to have to face a massive consumer track issue.
due to deepfakes these put pressure on the journ..

this tech. can also be used to creating news...

deepfakes have birthed trust of citizens towards the authorities which provides information.
